Are you Lawyer Tang?
What's going on?
Tell me, my husband raised a woman outside
It's right next door to me.
Now I even have a son
My husband is now openly spending money on him every day
My mother-in-law doesn't care
He said he was spending money on his grandson.
Brother, that woman just now is the right person for Tang Jian
If you want to let it die, let it go crazy first
We have to make him crazy first
Let him do more
Then you can't give it all to him.
Leave yourself some rebellion
Am I that stupid?
The woman just now is a relative of my classmate's house
Ouch, the house is already in a mess
The most important thing is that he has a particularly domineering mother-in-law
I can guarantee it.
Whoever takes this case is unlucky
Don't believe it, wait and see
This matter will become old and dry guns are still old and spicy
Hahahaha
That's it. Hmm.
I can see now that this family doesn't value me at all
I can't stay in this house for another day
I want a divorce.
You'd better not get a divorce at the moment
Why escape the room?
Aren't you the most supportive of women getting divorced?
I just took a fancy to this and came to you with all my heart
I just want to cut myself off
Don't let yourself make mistakes again and again
I don't know who you heard that I can only persuade people to get a divorce
Let's not talk about that.
Let's talk about things
I have my reasons for saying I can't leave nature